Do what thou wilt shall be the whole of the Law

CHAPTER XIII
THE BOOK

THE Book of Spells or of Conjurations is the Record of every thought, word, and deed of the Magician; for everything that he has willed is willed to a purpose. It is the same as if he had taken an oath to perform some achievement.

Now this Book must be a holy Book, not a scribbling-book in which you jot down every piece of rubbish that comes into your head. It is written, Liber VII, v, 23: "Every breath, every word, every thought, every deed is an act of love with Thee. Be this devotion a potent spell to exorcise the demons of the Five."

This Book must then be thus written. In the first place the Magician must perform the practice laid down in Liber CMXIII so that he understands perfectly who he is, and to what his development must necessarily tend. So much for the first page of the Book.

Let him then be careful to write nothing therein that is inharmonious or untrue. Nor can he avoid this writing, for this is a Magick Book. If you abandon even for an hour the one purpose of your life, you will find a number of meaningless scratches and scrawls on the white vellum; and these cannot be erased. In such a case, when you come to conjure a demon by the power of the Book, he will mock you; he will point to all this foolish writing, more like his own than yours. In vain will you continue with the subsequent spells; you have broken by your own foolishness the chain which would have bound him.

Even the calligraphy of the Book must be firm, clear, and beautiful; in the cloud of incense it is hard to read the conjurations. While you peer dimly through the smoke, the demon will vanish, and you will have to write the terrible word "failure."

And yet there is no page of this Book on which this word is not written; but so long as it is immediately followed by a new affirmation, all is not lost; and as in this Book the word "failure" is thus made of little account, so also must the word "success" never be employed, for its is the last word that may be written therein, and it is followed by a full stop.

This full stop may never be written anywhere else; for the writing of the Book goes on eternally; there is no way of closing the record until the goal of all has been attained. Let every page of this Book be filled with song -- for it is a Book of incantation!

Love is the law, love under will


=== Receive The Book ===

% git clone git://github.com/itsgucci/chapter_13.git
% cd chapter_13
% chmod 755 liber.al

=== Open The Book ===

% ./liber.al [wisdom_directory]

Once the Book is open, ones work may begin. 

=== Master The Book ===

The Book is of unique building and is shaped by the spells which constitute it. The first spell was create, whom spawned invoke, and together they opened up infinite possibilities. Spells, and the rules they represent, are simply temporal placeholders until greater truths are revealed. The Book is prudently designed with evolution in mind.

All commands are received, logged and interpreted when the Enter key is struck. Commands beginning with ":", "#" and "/" have significant meaning and deviate from the typical said command. The context sensitivity allows for a seamless experience of summoning with the computer interface. Standard callback behavior should be modified as one becomes more adept in magickal practice.

Ordinary commands trigger the "say(utterance)" callback after being recorded.
"#" commands trigger the "proclaim(utterance)" callback after being recorded.
"/" commands trigger the "whisper(utterance)" callback after being recorded.
":" commands trigger the "invoke(utterance)" callback after being recorded. The original behavior is intended to call spells by name.

"greeting" is called during session invocation and adjournment. Must return a string.
"prompt" is called before every incantation. Must return a string.

